Rewrite this:

Ladakh is the highest altitude plateau in India, situated in the state of Jammu and Kashmir between 75째50' E to 80째 E and 32째 30' N to 37째 N with geographical area of 100000 sq km (Pfister, 2004). Bounded by the two of the world's mightiest mountain ranges, the Karakoram in the north and the Great Himalaya in the south, Ladakh is traversed by two other parallel chains, the Ladakh Range and the Zanskar Range. Ladakh range and Zansker range running in the east and the west side respectively through Ladakh, divides it into three main valleys i.e. Zansker valley, Indus valley and Nubra valley. The Zankser valley lies west to Zansker range, the Indus valley sandwiched between Zansker and Ladakh ranges. Nubra valley on the east side of Ladakh range crossing the Khardungla pass. Ladakh borders Tibet to the east, the Lahaul and spiti to the south, the Vale of Kashmir, Jammu and Baltistan regions to the west, and the trans-Kunlun territory of East Turkistan in Central Asia on the other side of the Karakoram Pass in the far north. It is a land of High Passes. The geographical location of Ladakh ranges from 2,750m high at Kargil to 7,672m high at Saser Kangri in the Karakoram Range. Due to high altitude of Ladakh, the climate is very cold; the air is very thin and makes the heat of the sun very severe. This TransHimalayan region has some very large brackish water natural lakes e.g. Pangong Tso, Tso Morari, and Tso Kar in the Changthang area of Ladakh which is of freshwater origin. The Ladakh has also some important marshes in the Chang Thang region named as Hanle, Chusul, Chumur and Shey. Apart from these lakes and marshes, it has some major river systems; Shyok and Nubra rivers along the Karakoram ranges in the north, Indus river systems passing through east to west in entire Ladakh, and three smaller river systems such as Zanskar, Suru and Dras with large number of tributaries in the Zanskar ranges towards the south.